improve docs about jQuery removal (#29181)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/4.3/getting-started/javascript.md

})
{{< /highlight >}}

{{< callout warning >}}
## jQuery events

> Bootstrap detect jQuery only if `jQuery` is present in `window` object. If jQuery is found, Bootstrap will emit events thanks to jQuery event system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bootstrap will detect jQuery only if `jQuery` is present in `window` object. When jQuery is detected, Bootstrap will emit events thanks to jQuery event system.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks. I noticed a few other things in this sentence.
